Forever humbled and grateful

Øresundskollegiet 
København, Amager, Danmark
2015.01.18

3 years ago today I landed in Copenhagen and embarked on one of the biggest life altering experiences of my life. This city stole my heart and the building of Øresundskollegiet (shown here) nurtured me through Danish culture and enthusiasm. 2 years later when I landed back in this beautifully intelligent city, I was welcomed by dozens of amazing friendships I had created in my time there. These people have welcomed me, loved me, and challenged me in all the things I thought I knew about the world, life, and myself.

It had been a long and complicated journey to even have this opportunity. I was fortunate enough to get a massive scholarship that paid for my housing, flights, and more. But the truth was that I would not have even received this scholarship if I didn't get the opportunity to continue my studies,

It is no secret that I bit off more than what I could chew by going to a private school. And for that, I had to make countless sacrifices and work my ass off. It still wasn't enough at the end of my sophomore year, where I was short on tuition for the next year and would not be allowed to return. At this point, I already had my scholarship for study abroad, but couldn't do so without attending my school. 
What happened next was remarkable. After a recommendation to tell my story on social media and start a gofundme page, people came from all over to contribute to my effort to continue school. It didn't reach the full amount I needed, but with all the effort I had made and how well i had done at USF, my school decided to sponsor the rest and allow me back. 
I now have spent an accumulated 9 months in Copenhagen and almost a year abroad. This wouldn't have been made possible without the countless love, guidance, and even financial support I received during college. I think about you all every single day and am eternally grateful. 
As I work towards my year or so abroad, I am overwhelmed with appreciation to all that helped to be where I am today, to be on the path that i am, and to be the man I am today (imperfections and all). 🇩🇰